Requirements in order of priority:
1. Correct username and password should lead to another page. DONE
2. Should resemble the drawn sketch. DONE
3. .json format for storing username and password. DONE
4. Passwords should be 8 characters long, contain at least 1 capital letter, 1 lowercase, 1 number, and 1 special character (not .). DONE
5. Username requires at least 4 letters and exactly 1 underscore, no more no less. DONE
6. Sign up button should work on the same web page as login, go through the file to see if the username and password is duplicate, if not a duplicate you can use it. DONE
7. Passwords should not be visible when typed, and should be covered with some special character (not a letter). DONE
8. Message saying successfully signed up. DONE
9. Specify whether username or password is wrong “That user does not exist” “Incorrect Password”.  DONE
10 5 password attempts allowed - failure results in deletion of account. DONE
11. Show attempts left on password guesses. DONE
12. Unlimited incorrect username attempts. DONE

Optional:
13. Rust colored background (good to have not mandatory) DONE

UserStories:

	Viewer:

1. As a viewer, in order to watch movies, I should be able to access the available movies. DONE
2. As a viewer, in order to find specific movies, I should be able to search for them. DONE
3. As a viewer, to maintain easy searching, the same movie should not appear twice. DONE
4. As a viewer, for organization purposes, movies should be displayed alphabetically. DONE
5. As a viewer, in order to secure my account, my username and password should be encrypted with SHA-256 and stored in MongoDB. DONE

	Content Manager:	
    
1. As a content manager, in order to manage data, I should be able to access the available movies.
2. As a content manager, in order to manage content easily, I should be able to add movies with a button at the top of my screen. DONE
3. As a content manager, in order to manage content easily, I should be able to delete movies with a button at the top of the screen. DONE
4. As a content manager, in order to receive feedback, I should be able to view comments on movies. DONE
5. As a content manager, in order to secure my account, my username and password should be encrypted with SHA-256 and stored in MongoDB. DONE


	Marketing Manager:


1. As a marketing manager, in order to view analytics on movies, I should be able to access the available movies. DONE
2. As a marketing manager, in order to provide feedback, I should be able to add comments on movies that are only viewable by content editors with a button on the movie page. DONE
3. As a marketing manager, in order to analyze performance, I should be able to view analytics on movies exclusively, such as views,and likes. DONE
4. As a marketing manager, in order to secure my account, my username and password should be encrypted with SHA-256 and stored in MongoDB. DONE
Optional Additions:
9. As a viewer, to show interest in movies, I should be able to like a movie, but the number of likes should only be visible to marketing managers. DONE